hello nosy who let you in here watch
y'all chasing ambulance guys Smith's
punching everybody he meets just got
away from him
Oh Tarzan
wize meet senator Smith you act like a
man with something on your mind why
don't you tell the people the truth for
a change
oh the truth the mayor or the truth what
is the truth suggesting Pilate and would
not stay for an answer
how do you want it senator dished out or
in a bottle people of this country pick
up their papers and what are they read
well this morning they read that an
incompetent clown had arrived in
Washington parading like a member of the
Senate you thought as much about bein
honest as you know by being smart honest
why we're the only ones who can afford
to be honest in what we tell the voters
we don't have to be reelected like
politicians it's a sweet element phonies
are crackpots come here to make their
laws but the truth you want what are you
doing in the Senate what do you know
about laws are making north or what the
people need I don't pretend and what are
you doing in the Senate what's he doing
why honoraria point the country needs
men up there who know and have courage
as it never did before
ETA's gonna decorate a chair and get
himself on what do you vote sure just
like his colleague tell him - yes sir
like a Christmas tiger he'll not his
head and vote yeah yes sir
you're not a senator you're an honorary
stooge
you ought to be shown up have a drink
senator
you